ie}

20

21

22

23

24

29

Case 1:20-cr-00330-PAE Document.782 Filed 01/15/25 Page. 50 of 158 50

LBAGma x2 Rocechio - Direct

gaining access and isolation, trust development,
desensitization, séxual contact and physical coritact. And ‘then
beneath each stage level, there is a list of the behavioral and
the observable and measurable behaviors where there was ‘a high
level of statistical significance in agreement among varying
professionals as to the relevance both ‘to the grooming process
and to the stages.

Q. I want to direct your attention to Page 4. What is this
table?

A. So these, as I mentioned, there was an original. list of
about 77 specific behaviors that have been found associated
with grooming in the literature fairly consistently. These are
the behaviors that were part of that original list, where
perhaps there were more differences of opinion; but the level
of agreement among the professionals in this particular study
did not reach the level. of statistical significance.

Q. What is your takeaway fromthe study in the article?

A. I think this is a study that has really done a good job of
integrating what we know and pulling together the literature,
and then putting it to an empirical test. There have been
other ways to empirically understand and test what is referred
to as grooming. I think this is another way that provides some
validation of a proposed model. of the ways in which grooming
works.

MS. POMERANTZ: You can pull that down. I'd like to

SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C.
(212) 805-0300

DOJ-OGR-00014926
