ie}

20

21

22

23

24

29

Case 1:20-cr-00330-PAE Document.782 Filed 01/15/25 Page 59 of 158: 59

LBAGma x2 Rocechio - Direct

Q. I wanted to direct your attention to the use of the term
grooming, so in that top paragraph. If you could review the
section of the article that starts with "If their use of the
term grooming" and all ‘the way''to the end of that paragraph and
let. me know when you have had a chance to review it, please.

A. Okay.

Q. Dr. Rocchio, what is your response, reaction to this
passage?

A. It's a bit confusing as to the point that's being made. I
feel like they're trying to -= the author here seems to be
mixing different applications of the term that they use
grooming, so. it looks like in part he's talking about what is
true in the literature, which is that we're not, particularly
good as a field of taking, frankly; many behaviors at all and
predicting future behaviors. So he's saying accurately that we
can't look at specific behaviors alone as predictors.

And certainly, the use of the term grooming, again, is
used to describe a process; a pattern of behaviors. I'm not
here: today to say that if somebody engages in any one of these
particular behaviors; yes, we know you're a child abuser: So
he's making that point. But I don't think anybody -- I don't
think that -- if that's his point, I wouldn't disagree with
that. Except that he's then going on -- I disagreé where jhe
says that grooming then can't involve behaviors that might in
fact be prosocial or normal.

SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C.
(212) 805-0300

DOJ-OGR-00014935
