ie}

20

21

22

23

24

29

Case 1:20-cr-00330-PAE Document.782 Filed 01/15/25 Page 28 of 158 28

LBAGma x2 Rocechio - Direct

basis to consult with them on my area of expertise. A recent
colleague who is a forensic psychologist, but â€˜not a forensic
expert, contacted me; to ask to teach her and talk with her
about some of the traumatic stress issues that were involved in
her case:.

Q. What types of training and presentations have you given in
the area of childhood sexual abuse?

A. I've given a number of trainings on complex trauma. And
complex trauma refers to repeated abuse that occurs during
childhood perpetrated generally by caregivers of the
individual. I've also given -- so I've given trainings on --
for general clinicians -~ on how to assess trauma and that may
include assessing for a history of childhood sexual, abuse. And
I have given trainings; for example, at the Department of DCYF
to investigators on how to manage the effects of being exposed
to details related to traumatic stress in the course of their
work. Those would be some examples of trainings I have done.
Q. How do you keep up with the scientific literature in your
field?

A. So from my membership in a number of different divisions
and, of Course, international and national traumatic stress
organizations, most of those journals have some combination --
which they publish literature, scientific peer review
Jiterature, or they also have newsletters. They also have

SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C.
(212) 805-0300

DOJ-OGR-00014904
