ie}

20

21

22

23

24

29

Case 1:20-cr-00330-PAE Document.782 Filed 01/15/25 Page 43 of 158: 43

LBAGma x2 Rocechio - Direct

A. So the definitions can vary. They're all generally
referring to the same process. But the specific definition may
vary in different studies. So you have to be sure that the
literature, when reviewing it, you have to understand what
definition they're using.

Q. How can you rely on the empirical studies when ‘there is
variance, across the different definitions of grooming used in
those studies?

A. To the extent they're talking about, the same kind. of
process in the context of childhood sexual abuse. And again,
grooming, not only may there be variances in definition of
grooming, but the same patterns and behavior are sometimes
referred to by different names. But what you, really want to
look for are the commonalities. So for example; are what
offenders tell us they do, does that -- to what, degree of
overlap is there between that and what victims tell. us that
they have experienced. When professionals talk about the ‘kinds
of behaviors, how much overlap and agreement is there between
professionals, say, in similar fields, but also in different
fields in characterizing these common phenomenon, the common
phenomenon .

Do studies look at samples of substantiated cases of abuse?

A. Yes.
Q. What does that mean?
A. So some of the research has been done that has looked at

SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C.
(212) 805-0300

DOJ-OGR-00014919
