ie}

20

21

22

23

24

29

Case 1:20-cr-00330-PAE Document.782 Filed 01/15/25. Page 27 of 158 27

LBAGma x2 Rocechio - Direct

training?

A. Various treatment methods specific ‘to treating individuals
who have: experienced various kinds of traumatic stress and
personal violence, childhood abuse, complex trauma, specialized
practice in forensic psychology, predominantly.

Q. What kinds of training have you received?

A. Attending numerous workshops conducted by reputable experts
in the field that typically have been vetted so that I ‘can
receive continuing education credits and are required on an
annual basis for various forms of licensure. Also; there have
been some trainings that I have done online. For example, I
participate in a weekly webinar on issues relevant to the signs
and practice of forensic psychology that is conducted by
experts in the field. I think that covers it.

Q. In what, way do you train others?

A. I have done a variety of things. So I have been on the
ethics committee for the psychological association and also on
the American psychological association. So part of what I do
is we have a call in opportunity for our members, and ‘we
provide education about ethical issues to -- and consultation
to individuals who request that form of assistance. As I
mentioned; I'm a clinical supervisor for psychology fellows in
medical, school at Brown University. I1 do provide consultation,
supervision to all of my employees. And there are also times
where others in the field may contact me on a professional.

SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.C.
(212) 805-0300

DOJ-OGR-00014903
