~J ‘OY al ws Ga, NO) ee

‘CO

23

24

25

Case 1:20-cr-00330-PAE Document465 Filed 11/15/21 Page1120f127 112
LB15max4

here is léngth of trial and the timing of trial. I would like
the parties, in light of -- you have gotten some rulings,.
obviously not everything yet -- to think about whether what we
include in the questionnaire is still the six-week. time frame
that! we have indicated. And if it is, it is, but if there is.
any basis to suggest a lower estimate as the parties have
continued preparing their cases and in, Jight of any rulings, I
would certainly be open te hearing it if we could safely put a
shorter time frame in ‘the questionnaire. Again, maybe we
can't. So I just ask you to think. about it and. confer and put
in a léttér by Novenibéer 2nd; 6n EGF, indicGating whether the
Panties agree that there should, be any different. estimate ‘to
the trial length than what we havé indicated in the current
draft of the questionnaire. I recognize that may change after
that but for jury selectidn purposes it wén't help us if a few

days later we decide that we could say foun weeks instead of

Six wéeks. SO you will let mé knoéw and TIT will ask the parties

to. confer. You don't ineed to put in specific measons, just if

you €dn put in a joint Submission as to the parties" best
overall estimate of length of trial is to see Lf it can be
realistically any shorter than what iS in the GQuestiornaire to
help facilitate juny selection,

That's what I have. I will Hear from counsel any
other issues. Ms. Moe?

MS. MOE: Yes, your Honor; very briefly on two

SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, B.C.
(212) 805-0300

DOJ=OGR=-00007163
