OO 4 Oo on. is Ga, NS) he

No}

23

24

25

Case 1:20-cr-00330-PAE Document.465 Filed 11/15/21. Page 19 of 127 19

LBLTMAX1

the other individtiial. Watson, 640 F.3d, 511-12.

Other courts in this Circuit have described challenges
to the thoroughness of the investigation as a “Common method of
undermining a prosecution” by, for example, cross-examining
officers on which leads they followéd dnd which they did not.
See, for example,. Gray v. Ercole -—- I don't have that. full
quote -- 2011, WL 5082868 (E.D.N.Y 2008). Or défense cotinsel
may, Qn Cross, examine -investigating officers if they
considered alternative suspects. United States vw. Birbal, 92
CR 98, 1996 WL 192924 at *7, that's the District of the
Vermont, 1996. That was affirmed by the Second Circuit dat 113
F.3d 1230. And L will quote here, "The length of the
investigation, the investigative techniques used, and thé fact
that, the defendant was not initially a target of the
investigation are all irrelevant pursuant to" the principle
that, the government's failure to use ‘partacular investigative
techniques doés nét tend to show that the defendant is not
guilty. See, for example, United States v. Duncan, No, 18 CR
289, 2019 WL 2210663 (S.D:N.Y. 2019); see alsd, United Stated

V. Aleynikov, 785 F.Supp.2d 46, 65 (S.D.N.Y. 2011).

The 6théer two cases the défense Gites, neither of

which is binding on the Court, don't suggest anything different
than the law I just referred to. Ih Bowen vs. Maynard, the 1LOth
Circuit held that, Brady evidence in the government's possession

was material because it suggested that another likely suspect

SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, B.C.
(212) 805-0300

DOJ=OGR=-00007070
