105a
submissions from victims, concerning victim contacts
with the USAO and the FBI.

OPR identified former U.S. Attorney Acosta, three
former USAO supervisors, and the AUSA as subjects
of its investigation based on preliminary information
indicating that each of them was involved in the
decision to resolve the case through the NPA or in the
negotiations leading to the agreement. OPR deems a
current or former Department attorney to be a subject
of its investigation when the individual’s conduct is
within the scope of OPR’s review and may result in a
finding of professional misconduct. OPR reviewed
prior public statements made by Acosta and another
subject. All five subjects cooperated fully with OPR’s
investigation. OPR requested that all of the subjects
provide written responses detailing their involvement
in the federal investigation of Epstein, the drafting
and execution of the NPA, and decisions relating to
victim notification and consultation. OPR received and
reviewed written responses from all of the subjects,
and subsequently conducted extensive interviews of
each subject under oath and before a court reporter.
Each subject was represented by counsel and had
access to relevant contemporaneous documents before
the subject’s OPR interview. The subjects reviewed and
provided comments on their respective interview
transcripts and on OPR’s draft report. OPR carefully
considered the comments and made changes, or noted
comments, as OPR deemed appropriate; OPR did not,
however, alter its findings and conclusions.

Finally, OPR reviewed relevant case law, statutes,
regulations, Department policy, and attorney profes-
sional responsibility rules as necessary to resolve the
issues presented in this case and to determine whether
the subjects committed professional misconduct.

DOJ-OGR-00000168
