Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 29-1 Filed 07/27/20 Page 6 of 13
including any social media website or other publicly available
medium.

6. The Government (other than in the discharge of
their professional obligations in this matter), the Defendant,
Defense Counsel, Defense Staff, Defense Experts/Advisors,
Potential Defense Witnesses and their counsel, and Other
Authorized Persons are strictly prohibited from publicly
disclosing or disseminating the identity of any victims or
witnesses referenced in the Discovery. This Order does not
prohibit Defense Counsel, Defense Staff, Defense
Experts/Advisors, or Other Authorized Persons from disclosing
the identity of victims or witnesses to Potential Defense
Witnesses and their counsel during the course of the
investigation and preparation of the defense case at trial. Nor
does this Order prohibit Defense Counsel from publicly
referencing individuals who have spoken on the public record to
the media or in public fora, or in litigation - criminal or
otherwise - relating to Jeffrey Epstein or Ghislaine Maxwell.

7. The Defendant, Defense Counsel, Defense Staff,
Defense Experts/Advisors, Potential Defense Witnesses, and Other
Authorized Persons are prohibited from filing publicly as an
attachment to a filing or excerpted within a filing the identity
of any victims or witnesses referenced in the Discovery, who
have not identified themselves publicly as such, unless
authorized by the Government in writing or by Order of the

5
DOJ-OGR-00001652