. ~ Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document2_ Filed 07/02/19 Page 3 of 14
recruited, dozens of minor girls to engage in sex acts with him,
after which EPSTEIN paid the victims hundreds of dollars in
cash, at the New York Residence and the Palm Beach Residence.

7. In both New York and Florida, JEFFREY EPSTEIN,
the defendant, perpetuated this abuse in similar ways. Victims
were initially recruited to provide “massages” to EPSTEIN, which
would be performed nude or partially nude, would become
increasingly sexual in nature, and would typically include one

or more sex acts. EPSTEIN paid his victims hundreds of dollars
in cash for each encounter. Moreover, EPSTEIN actively
encouraged certain of his victims to recruit additional girls to
be similarly sexually abused. EPSTEIN incentivized his victims
to become recruiters by paying these victim-recruiters hundreds
of dollars for each girl that they brought to EPSTEIN. In so
doing, EPSTEIN maintained a steady supply of new victims to
exploit.

The New York Residence

8. At all times relevant to this Indictment, JEFFREY
EPSTEIN, the defendant, possessed and controlled a multi-story
private residence on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York,
i.e., the New York Residence. Between at least in or about 2002
and in or about 2005, EPSTEIN abused numerous minor victims at
the New York Residence by causing these victims to be recruited
to engage in paid sex acts with him.

3
DOJ-OGR-00000260