. . Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document2 _ Filed 07/02/19 Page 5 of 14
employees and associates, including a New York-based employee
(“Employee-1”), to communicate with victims via phone to arrange
for these victims to return to the New York Residence for
additional sexual encounters with EPSTEIN.

12. Additionally, and to further facilitate his
ability to abuse minor girls in New York, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the
defendant, asked and enticed certain of his victims to recruit
additional girls to perform “massages” and similarly engage in
sex acts with EPSTEIN. When a victim would recruit another girl
for EPSTEIN, he paid both the victim-recruiter and the new
victim hundreds of dollars in cash. Through these victim-
recruiters, EPSTEIN gained access to and was able to abuse
dozens of additional minor girls.

13. In particular, certain recruiters brought dozens
of additional minor girls to the New York Residence to give
massages to and engage in sex acts with JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the
defendant. EPSTEIN encouraged victims to recruit additional
girls by offering to pay these victim-recruiters for every
additional girl they brought to EPSTEIN. When a victim-
recruiter accompanied a new minor victim to the New York
Residence, both the victim-recruiter and the new minor victim
were paid hundreds of dollars by EPSTEIN for each encounter. In
addition, certain victim-recruiters routinely scheduled these

5
DOJ-OGR-00000262