87a
agreed to produce all Jencks Act material at least six
weeks in advance of trial.

The Court also rejects Maxwell’s alternative request
for a hearing to determine the admissibility of co-
conspirator declarations. Co-conspirator statements
may often be admitted at trial on a conditional basis.
If the Court determines that the Government has not
met its burden to show that the conditionally admitted
statements were made in furtherance of the charged
conspiracy, the Court should provide a limiting in-
struction or, in extreme cases declare a mistrial.
United States v. Tracy, 12 F.3d 1186, 1199 (2d Cir.
1993). Although conditional admissions can pose a
problem, a pretrial hearing is unnecessary here be-
cause the Government has committed to producing co-
conspirator statements at least six weeks in advance
of trial to allow Maxwell to raise any objections.
Maxwell will have adequate time to object to any
proffered co-conspirator testimony following the
Government’s Jencks Act disclosures.

C. Witness list

As a general matter, “district courts have authority
to compel pretrial disclosure of the identity of
government witnesses.” United States v. Cannone, 528
F.2d 296, 300 (2d Cir. 1975). In deciding whether to
order accelerated disclosure of a witness list, courts
consider whether a defendant has made a specific
showing that disclosure is “both material to the
preparation of the defense and reasonable in light of
the circumstances surrounding the case.” United
States v. Bejasa, 904 F.2d 137, 189-140 (2d Cir. 1990)
(cleaned up).

Maxwell has made a particularized showing that the
Government must produce a witness list reasonably in

DOJ-OGR-00000150
