Case 1:20-cr-00330-PAE Document187 _ Filed 03/29/21 Page 10 of 24

times, MAXWELL, at the Palm Beach Residence beginning in or
around 2001. MAXWELL met Minor Victim-4 at. Epstein’s Palm Beach
Residence when Minor Victim-4 was approximately 14 years old.
MAXWELL subsequently interacted with Minor Victim-4 on multiple
Océasions at Epstein’s Palm Beach Residence, knowing that Minor
Victim-4 was undér the agé of 18 at the time. During thesé
interactions, which took place between approximately 2001 and
2004, MAXWELL groomed Minor Victim=4 to engage in sexual acts
with, Epstein. through multiple means. For example, MAXWELL asked
Minor Victim-4 about her family and other aspects of her life.
MAXWELL also sought to normalize inappropriate and abusive
conduct by, among other things, discussing séxual topics in
front of Minor Victam-4 and being present when Minor Victam-4
was: nude in the massage room of the Palm Beach Residence. On
multiple occasions between approximately 2001 and 2004, Minor
Vietim-4 provided nude massages to Epstein at the Palm Beach
Residence, during which Epstein. engaged in multiple sex acts
with Minor Victim-4. Epstein*”s employees, including at times
MAXWELL, called Minor Victim-4, including from New York, to
schedule appointments for Minor Victim-4 to massage Epstein.
Aftér each imassdge, Epstein or one of His employees, inéluding
at times MAXWELL; paid Minor Victim-4 hundreds of délilars in
cash. At some point during this period, both Epstein and

MAXWELL invited Minor Victim-4 to travel with Epstein and

10

DOJ-OGR- 00002852
