avaiiability of staff. In the event an attorney requires an
emergency visit outside normal legal visiting hours and has not
pre-requested it, he/she must contact the Operations Lieutenant.
If there is any problem with a legal visit during off duty hours,
attorneys should ask to speak with the Institution Duty Officer
or Operations Lieutenant.
2. Attorney Processing
MCC New York conducts a daily count of all inmates at 4:00 p.m.,
with an additional count at 10:00 a.m. on Saturdays, Sundays and
federal holidays. Additional unscheduled counts may also occur
in emergencies. During a count, inmates must be at their
assigned ceil or bunk, unless the inmate has heen authorized to
be in another area. In order to guarantee an accurate count, a
reguest that an inmate remain in the visiting room during the
count must be made at least one hour before the count, 1.6.,
3:00 poem. for the 4:00 p.m. count and 9:00 a.m. for the 10:00
a.m. count. When this approval is granted, the inmate is placed
on the “out count” and will be required to remain in the
visiting room until the count has been completed. Inmates who
have not been placed on the out count must terminate their legal
visits a half hour before the count begins, i.e., 3:30 p.m. and
9:30 a.m. Attorneys who arrive at the institution within an
hour before the start of a count, i-.e., after 3:00 p.m. or 9:00
a.m., will not be able to visit their client until after the
count clears,
Counts usually take approximately 30-40 minutes to clear. During
this time, all movement in the institution ceases. Conseguently,
attorneys and/or their representatives will not be allowed to
enter or exit the Visiting Room during official counts. Visits
should be scheduled accordingly to avoid unnecessary delays.
3. Identification
To receive attorney entrance privileges, an individual must he
able to establish his or her status as an attorney by presenting
identification that verifies active membership in any state bar.
Excluding Legal Aid Society Federal Defender’s, NY State
Attorneys are required to have a Secure Pass Identification card
for entrance. Upon notification that a NY State attorney is not
in possession of a Secure Pass, and upon approval from the Legal
Department, attorneys will be permitted to enter the institution
for 60 days from their date of approval without the Secure Pass.
If an attorney is licensed in a state other than New York,
he/she must contact the legal department at least 24 hours in
advance so that their status as an attorney in good standing may
be verified. Provided the Legal Department can verify the
attorney’s status, the attorney will be added on a list located
in the lobby, authorizing the attorney’s entrance for a one year
Page 4 of 22
DOJ-OGR-00023747
