4, Marriage
Inmates who seek authorization to marry while in confinement must
submit a written request through their Case Manager.

2 Personal Property
Bureau of Prisons policy on inmate retention of personal property
is found in Program Statement 5580.07, Personal Property, Inmate.
See also 28 C.F.R. Part 553 - Inmate Property. Inmates may
possess only that property which by policy is authorized. See 28
C.F.LR. $553.11. Those rules contribute to the management of
inmate personal property in the institution, and contribute to a
safe environment for staff and inmates by reducing fire hazards,
security risk, and sanitation problems. Personal hygiene items
are issued by the institution for indigent inmates. Inmates may
also purchase personal property items from the institution
commissary.
Inmates going out to court may bring legal material relevant to
their current court proceedings. Inmates are not allowed toa
return from court with additional legal materials. Attorneys
wishing to provide inmates with additional legal materials must
send such material in the mail or deposit them material in the
lobby legal mail drop boxes.

6. A&G Handbook
Inmates entering MCC New York are provided with an Admission and
Orientation (“A&O”) Handbook, which explains institution rules
and procedures. The A&O Handbook addresses subjects such as
purchasing items from the commissary, inmate correspondence and
the inmate administrative remedy process.

Page 22 of 22
DOJ-OGR-00023765