Approved legal representatives (law clerk, paralegal,
interpreter, investigator, psychologist, and other experts} may
accompany an attorney into the Visiting Room. If visiting
independently, representatives must follow the requirements set
forth in the “Legal Representatives” section below. See Section
8.
Attorneys are ordinarily not permitted to bring material
witnesses into the Visiting Room. Prior approval to do soa must
be received from the Warden and requires a court order. Written
requests for such approval should clearly outline the specific
clrcumstances requiring this type of visit. Visits will not be
approved if alternative arrangements are avallable to defense
counsel.
7. Dress Code
All visitors, including attorneys, are required to dress ina
manner appropriate for a correctional environment. Excessively
provocative, immodest or revealing attire is reason to deny
visiting. Visitors over the age of 12 will not be aliowed into
the institution in short skirts, mini skirts, shorts or dresses
exceeding three inches above the kneecap in length. See-through
clothing, halter-tops, tube tops, tank tops, any top that
reveals the midriff area, low-cut shirts or blouses, revealing
front and/or backless clothing, skin-tight clothing, spandex
clothing and sweat pants are not allowed. Furthermore, clothing
which may impede identification {e.g., hoods) or easily hide
contraband (e.9., coats) present security concerns and are also
prohibited. All visitors are required to wear shoes (no shower
shoes, flip-fiops, toe-revealing or backless shoes of any kind)
and undergarments (including bras for females). The Warden has
delegated to the Institution Duty Officer the ultimate decision—
making authority regarding what attire is appropriate inside the
Visating Room. If the Buty Officer is not available, the
Operations Lieutenant will make the final decision. A
memorandum containing clothing guidelines is posted in the lobby
of MCC New York. It is the responsibility of visitors to
familiarize themselves with this memo and watch for updates.
8. Legal Representatives
Attorneys are allowed to visit their clients upon providing
evidence of their professional status. However, attorneys often
need other individuals, e.g., paralegals, interpreters,
mitigation specialists, private investigators, to visit their
clients in connection with legal representation. These
individuals do not receive the same entry privileges granted to
attorneys and must first submit an application (See ATTACHMENT
A) signed by a sponsoring attorney and pass a background check
before being granted permission to enter MCC New York.
Page 7 of 22
DOJ-OGR-00023750
