~J ‘OY al ws Ga, NO) ee

‘CO

23

24

25

Case 1:20-cr-00330-PAE Document 767 Filed 08/10/22 Page 192 of 257 3026
LCKVMAX8 Charge

doubt, not. beyond all possible dotibt. Therefore, if, after a4
fair and impartial consideration ef all of the evidence, you
Can Gardidly and honestly say ‘that you, do Have an abiding
belief of Ms, Maxwell's guilt as to any crime charged in this
case, such a béliéf aS a Prudent person would be willing to act
upon in important matters in the personal affairs of his or her
own life, then you, have no reasonable doubt and, tinder such
circumstances, it is your duty to convict Ms. Maxwell of the
particular crime in question.

On the other jAhand, if, after a fair and impartial
consideration of all 6f the evidence, you can candidly and
honestly say that ‘you are mot satasfied, with Ms. Maxwell's
guilt. a8 to any charge, that you do nét have an abiding belief
ef her guilt as to that charge, in, other words, if you, have
such doubt. a8 would reasonably cause a prudent person to
hesitate in acting in matters of importance in, his or her own
affairs, then you have a reasénable doubt. ahd, in that
ciecumstance, it is your duty to acquit Ms. Maxwell of that
chargé.

Instruction No. 9. The indictment.

The defendant, Ghislaine Maxwell, has been f6rmdally.
charged in what 1s called an indictment. As I instructed ‘you
at thé outset of the trial, the indictment is simply a charge.
or accusation. It's not evidence; it's not proof of Ms.
Maxwell's guilt. It cneates no presumption and. it permits no

SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, B.C.
(212) 805-0300

DOJ=OGR=0001 4.592
