\ Case 1:20-cr-00330-PAE Document 688 Filed 06/29/22 Page 239 of 353

JurortD: SO

Your name ‘will not’ be disclosed or connected to this questionaire beyond. the: Judge and ‘the
patties in this case. However’, :if yow bélievé that any’ of your answers’ contain, private
itiformation, that could embatrass you. or otherwise seriously'‘compromise your privacy. and
wish.to:request thatthe Court’keep them confidential and not distribute them beyond the Judge
and:paitiés;, please ‘indicate:the particular question number at:the-end of the. questionnaire,

SUMMARY OF THE CASE

The Court is selecting a jury for a: trial cofimencing on Monday, November 29; 2021..

Although itis lever: possible to predict the lengthvof a trial, currently this'trial is expected

to last approximately six weeks,

This is ‘a:criminal. casé., The: Defendant, Ghislaine Maxwell, has been charged ‘in an Indictment
with various criminal offenses. The Indictment ‘is not evidence. It simply contains ‘the
charges—refetred, to as “couiits”—that the: Government intends to prove to the, jury at: trial

béyond a reasonable doubt.

Thé charges :in.the Indictment: stem ‘from. allegations:that from at least 1994 through 2004, the
Defendant conspired with, and aided. and abetted, Jeffrey Epsteiiy to enticé minors to travel, to
engage. in. ctiminal sexual activity, to'transport minors to. engage in.crimirial sexual, activity,
and;to engagé in sex trafficking of a minor.

The Indictment charges: the Defendant in,6 counts: Count One of the Indictrient charges the.
Defendant;with:conspiring with Jeffrey'Epstein and otheis to entice minors to travel to engage:
in sexual. activity’ for which,.4 person can be chatged ‘with a criminal offense, Count Two
chatges the Defendant with énticing a minor to travel to engage in sexual activity ‘for which a.
person can be charged with:a criminal offense, arid, aiding and abetting the:same.. Count Three
charges: the: Défendaitt with, conspiring with Epstein and others to transport minors to, engage
itt sexual activity’ -for which a person. can bé: charged, with, a criminal offense. Count Four
charges the Defendant with'transporting a ihinor to‘engage‘in:sexual activity for:which a‘person
can be chaiged with a criminal offense, and aiding and abetting. the’ sartie. ‘Cotint Five charges
‘the Defendant with. participating ‘in, ai sex, ‘trafficking conspiracy. Count; Six charges the
Defendant with séx:trafficking of a:minor; and aiding and abettin g the same.

Ms.:Maxwell has.pled not guilty to all charges, Ms. Maxwell is presumed innocent, and before
she'can be found guilty on any charge, the jury. must find that the Government has proven each.
element of that:crime beyond. a reasonable doubt.

DOJ-OGR-00010992
