Oo wa 8 B&B 8B WB YH

No}

©O

No}

20

21

23

24

Case 1:20-cr-00330-PAE Document.737 Filed 07/22/22 Page 71 of 101, 71

M6SOmaxs1.

someone and, something in life one day.

Epstein's and Maxwell's strong ties to FIT cquld make
this happen. With théir help, my admission was almost assured,
but there was. always a but. First I had to write my
application, which I did. But Maxwell had to review it ard
conveniently always found fault, Then another but, I needed to
lose 30 pounds bécatse I was a piglet. Maxwell's ntimerous
degrading descriptions of me. Epstein and Maxwell put me on a
strict Atkins, dist while Simultaneously sending me to a
psychiatrist who prescribed antidepressants that caused weight
gain.» It was a classic n6=win Situation, ahd they knéw it:
Precisely what human traffickers seek. I mevern lost the
weight, my application was never good enough, ahd it. névér got
submitted.

I thank the almighty God that in 2007, I managed to
escape the horror by fleeing to the U.K. Since then, I have
beeh Coping as best aS I Gah and frequently experience
flashbacks and wake up in a cold sweat from nightmares from,
reliving the awful experience. I'm hypervigilant. I do not.
trust people easily. I experience dramatac mood changes. iL
will sométinies Start Crying uncontrollably for reasons I cannot
always comprehend. J, worked hard with several mental, health
professionals; THey Have, diagnosed mé with éxtréme symptoms of
anxiety, depression, low self-esteem, PTSD and tendency to
self-harm.

SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.CG.»

(212) 805-0300

DOJ-OGR-00011590
