x0.) oa LOD) oO Bs w Na) io

No}

©O

No}

20

21

23

24

Case 1:20-cr-00330-PAE Document.737 Filed 07/22/22 Page 91 of 101. BL

M6Ss2Max2

provides another Example. She testified that she confided in
the defendant that her mother was. an alcohol and that. she had
been raped and molested by her grandfather starting at a very
young age. The defendant, aware of this knowledge, used it te
subject Carolyn to a continwing cyclé Of Sexual abuse. The
defendant wasn't an impassive observer, but herself touched
Carolyn's, breast's, again, dt the time Carolyn was, 14. For
years, Carolyn was paid for the sexualized massages, including
personally paid by the defendant.

Simitar ‘patterns of conduct, were described, by other
witnesses. Indeed, the Criminal conduct established at trial
was extensive and it, was far-reaching. Ms. Maxwell and, Epstein
victimized multiple underaged girls using this pattern, this
playbook, over ‘the span of many years and in a variety of
l6cations. And the damage done t6 these young girls was

incalculable. They did, bravely testify at trial about what

happened to them despite the extraordinary difficulty that
entailed. They withstoed cross-examination from zealous
defensé counsél and testified ¢créedibly at. trial about. the
trauma that they had endured and the painful, horrific, and,
lasting impact. Of that trauma. THey did so, they told me in
their statements, in order to help ‘ensure justice for
themselves and ‘others and to do what they could to try to
prevent other girls from suffering in the future as they had
suffered.

SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, P.CG.»

(212) 805-0300

DOJ=OGR=-00011610
