OO 4 Oo on. is Ga, NS) he

No}

23

24

25

Case 1:20-cr-00330-PAE Document.741 Filed 08/10/22 Page 30 of 106 3.4

LBTCMAX2 Opening - Ms. Pomerantz

second in commdnd. Shé was involved in every detail of
Epstein"s life. During the ten years. the defendant and Epstein
committed these crimes togéther, the defendant was the lady of
the house. She ran Epstein"s. various. properties, +Ahiring and
firing employéés. She imposed rules, instructing employees to
net speak directly with Epstein or talking with other people
Visiting Epstein's homes. When shé took charge of those homes,
the rules. for staff were strict. Employees were to see
nothing, héar nething, say nothing. There was a culture of
Silence, That was by design, the defendant's design, because
behind closed doors, the deféndant and Epstein were committing
heinous crimes. They were sexually abusing teenage girls.

The defendant and Epstein were partners in crinie.
They had a, playbook. First, they got. access to young girls,
then they gained their trust. They learned about each girl's
hopes and dreams. They learned, about each girl's families,
often targeting the daughters of single méthérs. The defendant
and, Epstein promised these girls the world. Some of the gurls
had difficult. home lives and Garnie, from families tHat were
struggling to make ends meet. The defendant. and Epstein were
wealthy, powerful, and well cénheéted, and they flaunted it.
They made sure everybody knew. The defendant. and Epstein made

young girls bélieéve that their dreams could come true. They:

figured out what the girls dreamed of becoming when they grew

up and they promised to help; promised to help pay for school,

SOUTHERN DISTRICT REPORTERS, B.C.
(212) 805-0300

DOJ=OGR-00011695
