Case 1:20-cr-00330-PAE Document600_ Filed 02/11/22 Page 32 of 37
topless massage. Tr. 2075. However, because of the passage of time, the available Shoppers
Travel records only went back as far as 1999. Tr. 2393. Asa result, the defense did not have
access to Shoppers Travel records to challenge Annie Farmer’s recollection of when the trip to
New Mexico occurred. Likewise, Jane testified that she traveled with Epstein approximately ten
times when she was under the age of 17 on both his private jet and on commercial flights, and
that she was first sexually abused in New York when she was 14. Tr. 316. As discussed, the
flight logs showed only two such trips on Epstein’s plane. The Shoppers Travel records would
have shed light on the number of commercial flights that Jane took when she was a minor and
could have been used to challenge her recollection of events, including whether she even
traveled to New York before she was 16 years old.

B. Financial Documents — Bank Records and Credit Card Records

Critical financial documents were also unavailable to the defense. In its summation, the
government gave particular emphasis to bank records which seemed to show that Epstein
transferred approximately $30 million to Ms. Maxwell from 1999-2007, arguing that it was Ms.
Maxwell’s payment for facilitating his sexual abuse of young girls for over a decade. Tr. 2841,
2884-85. Because the transactions were between 15-20 years old, there were no bank records
apart from Epstein’s Bears Sterns statements that the Palm Beach FBI had obtained in 2006-2007
to explain what the transfers were for. The defense was unable to obtain any records related to
the accounts into which the money was transferred. The defense therefore could not challenge
the government’s claims about the purpose of the funds or that Ms. Maxwell even controlled the
accounts.

Furthermore, there were no credit card records available for Epstein going back to the
1990s. Accordingly, the defense could not use these records to test critical dates, like when
Epstein bought the pair of cowboy boots for Annie Farmer or the movie tickets to Primal Fear,

Dd
DOJ-OGR-00008956
