Case 1:20-cr-00330-PAE Document204 Filed 04/16/21 Page 78.of 239

tothe instant prosccution, is insufficient to show’ actual prejudice. . .. The fact that evidence may.
be lost or destroyed during the prée-indictment stage is inherent in any delay; 'no matter what the
duration. Furthermore, there has: been no allegation in.this case that the destruction. of the:records
was deliberate on,the part of cither'the government or trustee.” (internal citations omitted)).

Lastly, the defendant contends that prejudicial. media. reporting and inappropriate. pre-trial
publicity from. at ‘least 201.1 through the present has resulted. in prejudice to. the defendant. (Def.
Mot. at 14). She claims that; had ‘the: Government brought charges, against her between, 1.996 and.
201.1, the Government“would have not prevailed,” noting that the defendant’s-accusers would not:
have'been “able to: conform their ‘memories’ to the often, republished. ‘obvious lies.’” (Jd. at 15).
This argument, like the others contained in. this motion, is ste¢éped in speculation. The defendant
cites not one case in:support of her argument that pre-trial publicity can. ever establish actual.
prejudice, nor does'she point‘to any evidence that the Government fomented such‘publicity dating
back:to 2011. To the extent the defendant is concerned about pretrial publicity, she will have the
a panel of impartial, jurors ‘who have not been prejudiced by. any’ publicity this case may’ have
garnered.

In short, the defendant’s complaints are ‘nothing more than the type of sclf-serving, vague,
speculative, and conclusory’ clainis of prejudice that. courts have consistently rejected, as
insufficient to warrant dismissal of charges based.upon pre-indictment.delay. '? The:motion.should,

therefore be denied.

The defendant also complains about. the Government’s failure to “provide discovery adequate
to fully investigate the: extent of the prejudice to Ms. Maxwell.” (Def. Mot. 7 at 7). Among the:
items the: defense: complains about not receiving in discovery are ‘the names and dates of birth. of
the Minor Victims, the specific. location of any overt.act, the date of any overt act, any witness
statements, or any: corroboration of any allegation, in the Indictment. (id). AS described. herein,
see Section -X, infra, the Government has:made:substantial discovery productions pursuant to Rule:

SI

DOJ=OGR=00003012
