CaGeide2Q0eROOB 20 04IIN ce Detlnen? 2-02 OF RES O7928/289 Pagel 5 Hb 12
disclosing or disseminating the identity of any victims or
witnesses referenced in the Discovery. This Order does not
prohibit Defense Counsel or Defense Staff from referencing the
identities of individuals they believe may be relevant to the
defense to Potential Defense Witnesses and their counsel during
the course of the investigation and preparation of the defense
case at trial. Any Potential Defense Witnesses and their
counsel who are provided identifying information by Defense
Counsel or Defense Staff are prohibited from further disclosing
or disseminating such identifying information. This Order does
not prohibit Defense Counsel from publicly referencing
individuals who have spoken by name on the public record in this
case.

6. The Defendant, Defense Counsel, Defense Staff,
Defense Experts/Advisors, Potential Defense Witnesses, and Other
Authorized Persons are prohibited from filing publicly as an
attachment to a filing or excerpted within a filing the identity
of any victims or witnesses referenced in the Discovery, who
have not spoken by name on the public record in this case,
unless authorized by the Government in writing or by Order of
the Court. Any such filings must be filed under seal, unless
authorized by the Government in writing or by Order of the
Court.

Â° App.067
DOJ-OGR-00019526
