Case 20-3061, Document 82;'10/02/2020, 2944267, Page31 of 37

certain. discovery materials would impact. the unseal-
ing analysis under First Amendment principles in. a
civil matter. Even if Maxwell were correct that the way
in. which.the Government obtained the materials was
improper—and she ‘is not—that: fact would have no
bearing on the analysis: of whether materials in certain
civil cases should be unsealed. Maxwell cites not. a sin-
gle case to support the conclusion that her desire to
prevent. the Government from raising an inevitable
discovery argument in suppression litigation. should
impact the unsealing analysis in civil:case. She offers
no coherent. argument for how the criminal. discovery
materials would impact any decision in a civil case.

At bottom, itiremains unclear what legal argument.
Maxwell'wishes to make.in her civil cases based.on the.
criminal discovery materials she has identified or.
what relevance those materials have ‘to the litigation.
of those civil matters. Accordingly, Judge Nathan. did
not abusé her discretion when concluding that Max-
well.“furnishe[d] no substantive explanation regarding
the relevance of the Documents to decisions to be made
in. those matters, let alone any explanation of why
modifying the protective order 'in order to allow such.
‘disclosure is necessary to ensure the fair adjudication
of those matters.” (A. 1011).

In pressing for a different, result here, Maxwell ar:
gues that “if the deposition material is unsealed, it.
may foreclose” any of her.arguments to Judge Nathan
about the perjury counts ‘or other remedies available
to Maxwell based on the Government's alleged circum-
vention of Second Circuit law. (Br..27)..Maxwell claims
that “all [she] seeks in this appeal is the ability to

DOJ=OGR=0001 9638
