Oy

Case 22-1426, Document 78, 06/29/2023, 3536039, Page206 of:217
SA-460

M6s2Max2

provices another example. She testified that she confided in
the dgefendant that her mother was an alcohol anda that she had
been, rapea ana molested, by hen granafather starting at a very
young ages The oefendant, aware of this knowledge, used it to
Subject Carolyn to a@ continuing cycle of sexual abuse. The
defendant wasn't an. impas’sive observer, but herself touchea
Carolyn's bréasts, again, at the time Carolyn was 14. For
years, Carolyn was paia for the sexualizeo massages, including
personally paio by the ocefenoant.

Similar ‘patterns of conduct, were describea by other
witnesses. Indeed, the criminal. conduct established at trial
was extensive and it was: far-reaching. Ms. Maxwell ana Epstein
victimizea multiple underagea girls using this pattern, this
playbook, Over the span of many yéars aro in a variety 6f
locations. Ano the. damage. cone: to these ‘young girls was

incalculable. They dia bravely testify at trial about what

happened to them despite the 6xXtracrainary aifficulty that.
entailed. They withstood cress-examination from zealous.
defense counsel and testified credibly at trial about the
trauma that they hae enoured, ana the painful, horrific, ana
lasting impact of that trauiia. They dia so, théy told me in
their statements; in oraer to help ensure justice for
themselves and. others and to do what they coulda to try to
prévént. othér girls from Suffering in the future 4s they hao
suffered.

SOUTHERN DISTRIGI REPORTERS, P.G. ess
(212) 8065-C3C€

DOJ-OGR-00021636
