Case 22-1426, Document 57_02/28/2023, 3475900, Page159 of 208

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 207 Filed 04/16/21 Page 18 of 34
provides no indication of what many of these potential witnesses might have testified to. The
testimony she suggests the detective might have offered—that witnesses in the Palm Beach
investigation did not identify Maxwell by name—is propensity evidence that does nothing to
establish her innocence of the charged offenses. There are also serious doubts under all of the
relevant circumstances that a jury would have found testimony from Epstein credible even if he
had waived his right against self-incrimination and testified on her behalf. See United States v.
Spears, 159 F.3d 1081, 1085 (7th Cir. 1999).

Maxwell’s arguments that the indictment should be dismissed because of the possibility
of missing witnesses, failing memories, or lost records fail for similar reasons. These are
difficulties that arise in any case where there is extended delay in bringing a prosecution, and
they do not justify dismissing an indictment. United States v. Marion, 404 U.S. 307, 325-26
(1971); see United States v. Elsbery, 602 F.2d 1054, 1059 (2d Cir. 1979).

Finally, the Court finds no substantial prejudice from the pretrial publicity this case has
garnered. Maxwell contends that lengthy public interest in this case has transformed her
reputation from that of Epstein’s friend to a co-conspirator. And she also alleges—without
evidence—that her accusers fabricated their stories based on media allegations. The Court will
not dismiss the indictment on Maxwell’s bare assertion that numerous witnesses are engaged in a
perjurious conspiracy against her. And the Court will take all appropriate steps to ensure that the
pretrial publicity in this case does not compromise Maxwell’s right to a fair and impartial jury.

The Court thus concludes that Maxwell has failed to establish actual prejudice from the
Government’s delay in bringing charges. She may renew her motion if the factual record at trial
shows otherwise. On the present record, neither the applicable statute of limitations nor due
process bars the charges here.

18
DOJ-OGR-00020777