Case 22-1426, Document 121-2, 12/02/2024, 3637741, Page20 of 26
Maxwell subsequently filed a letter seeking reconsideration of the
District Court’s response, claiming that this response resulted in a
constructive amendment or prejudicial variance. The District Court
declined to reconsider its response and denied Maxwell’s motion.

Maxwell appeals the District Court’s denial and argues that the
alleged constructive amendment is a per se violation of the Grand Jury
Clause of the Fifth Amendment. Specifically, Maxwell argues that
testimony about a witness’s sexual abuse in New Mexico presented the
jury with another basis for conviction, which is distinct from the
charges in the Indictment. Similarly, Maxwell argues that this
testimony resulted in a prejudicial variance from the Indictment. We
disagree and affirm the District Court’s denial.

We review the denial of a motion claiming constructive
amendment or prejudicial variance de novo.” To satisfy the Fifth
Amendment’s Grand Jury Clause, “an indictment must contain the
elements of the offense charged and fairly inform the defendant of the
charge against which he must defend.”** We have explained that to
prevail on a constructive amendment claim, a defendant must
demonstrate that “the terms of the indictment are in effect altered by
the presentation of evidence and jury instructions which so modify
essential elements of the offense charged that there is a substantial
intent that Jane engage in sexual activity for which any person can be charged with a
criminal offense in violation of New York law.” A-205.

37 See United States v. Dove, 884 F.3d 138, 146, 149 (2d Cir. 2018).
38 United States v. Khalupsky, 5 F.4th 279, 293 (2d Cir. 2021).
20
DOJ-OGR-00021897
