Case 22-1426, Document 79;.06/29/2023, 3536060, Page17 of 93

which Maxwell and Epstein remained close friends.

(Tr.1494-96; GX-422). For over a decade, Maxwell
traveled, with, Epstein, a multi-millionaire, on his pri-

vate planes and mingled with rich and famous people,
while enjoying a life of extraordinary luxury. (Tr:96-

99, 233-34, 303-04, 1194). Maxwell and Epstein spent.
time. together in Epstein’s various properties, includ-

ing. his mansion on.the Upper East Side in Manhattan,

his villain Palm Beach, his. ranch in New Mexico, his
apartment in Paris, and. his private island in the US.
Virgin Islands. (Tr.99). Maxwell also received .a town:
house that, Epstein bought. for her in New York City,
and Epstein transferred more than $23 million to Max-
well during the timeframe of the conspiracy. (Tr.1194,
1310-17).

In addition to her role.as Epstein’s girlfriend, Max-
well also supervised. Epstein’s Households as “the lady
of the house.” (Tr.95, 783-84). When she took.charge of.
Epstein’s homes, she imposed strict rules for staff,
some of which were included in a household manual
dictating the operation of the Palm Beach residence.
(Tr.807-08, 823-31).

To protect her criminal activities from exposure,
Maxwell fostered a culture of silence at Epstein’s
homes. (Tr.784, 826). The household manual. .made
clear that. staff were to “see nothing, hear nothing; say
nothing, except to answer a question directed at” that
staff member. (Tr: 826). Maxwell dir ected Juan. Alessi,
speak to Epstein only when spoken toand 1 not to; look
Epstein in, the eyes. (Tx.784).

DOJ=OGR-00021664
