Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document1 Filed 11/19/19 Page 10 of 20 ,
correctional officer, walked up to, let alone entered, the only |
entrance to the tier in which Epstein was housed until
approximately 6:30 a.m. on August 10.

21. Officer-1l’s shift ended at approximately 10 p.m.,
and at approximately 12 a.m., MICHARL THOMAS, the defendant, :
replaced Officer-2, joining TOVA NOBL, the defendant, as the only |
two correctional officers on duty in the SHU. NOEL and THOMAS |
were responsible for conducting the 12 a.m. institutional count in
the SHU. As confirmed by video from the MCC’s internal video |
surveillance system, NOEL and THOMAS did not perform the 12 a.m.
count. Nonetheless, NOEL and THOMAS completed and signed a count
slip for the 12 a.m. count that falsely stated that the
institutional count had been performed. in reliance on that
falsified count slip, at approximately 12:49 a.m., the Control
Center cleared the 12 a.m. count.

2?, TOVA NOEL and MICHAEL THOMAS, the defendants, were
additionally responsible for conducting the 3 a.m. and 5 a.m.

institutional counts in the SHU. As confirmed by video from the
MCC’s internal video surveillance system, NOEL and THOMAS did not
perform either the 3 a.m. or the 5 a.m. counts. NOEL and THOMAS
nonetheless completed and signed count slips for both counts that
faisely stated that they had performed the 3 a.m. and 5 a.m.
institutional counts. In reliance on those falsified count slips,
10
DOJ-OGR-00021917