Case 22-1426, Document 79,. 06/29/2023, 3536060, Page41 of 93

28

identifies. no evidence that ‘the Department: of Justice
made any promises not contained 1 in the NPA.” (A.142-
43). Here, .as below, Maxwell’s further request. for a
hearing ° ‘rests on. mere conjecture.” (A.145). Judge Na-
than did not abuse her discretion.

POINT II

The District Court Correctly Concluded that the
Charges Were Timely

In 2003, Congress extended the statute of limita-
tions for “offense[s] involving the sexual or physical
abuse” of a minor to allow prosecution.so. long as the
victim remains alive. 18 U.S.C. § 3288. Attempting ‘to:
undermine the clear legislative intent, Maxwell argues:
that the amendment did not apply to, her case because
her-crimes both. pre-dated the.amendment.and did not,
involve sexual abuse. These arguments fly ‘in the face
of the statutory text, legislative history, this Court’s
own. decisions, and the persuasive authority of other
Circuits. The charges fell squarely within the amended
statute of limitations, and this Court should affirm.
Judge .Nathan’s well-reasoned decisions denying Max-
well’s motions to dismiss thé charges as untimely.

A. Applicable Law
1. Standard of Review

‘This Court réviews dé novo. both the denial. of.a mo-
tion to dismiss an indictment: and the application of a
statute of..limitations. United States v. Sampson, 898:
F.3d 270; 276, 278 (2d Cir. 2018).

DOJ=OGR=-000271688
