93, 3475900, Page127 of 208

Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 187 Filed 03/29/21 ‘Page 10 of 24

times, MAXWELL; at. the Palm Beach ‘Residence beginning in. or
around 2001. MAXWELL met Minor Victim=4 at. Epstein’s Palm Beach
Residence when Minor Victim-4 was approximately 14 years old:
MAXWELL subsequently interacted witcon Minor Victim-4 om multiple
occasions at Epstein’s Balm Beach Resicerce, knowing that: Miner
Victim-4 was under the agé of 18 at the tuimé. Duhing tnese
interactiors, which took place béetweer approximately 2002, ane
2004, MAXWELL groomed Miner Victim-4 to engage in sexual acts
with. Epstein through multiple means. For example, MAXWELL asked
Minor. Victim<4 about her family and other aspects of her life.
MAXWELL alsS sougat to normalize inappropriatie ané abusive
conduct by, améng other things, discussing sexiial topics in
front of Miner Victim-4 and being present when Miner Viccim-4
was nude in the massage room. of the Palm Beach, Residence. On
multiple occasions between. approximately 2001 and 2004, Minor
Victim-4. provided nude massages tc Epstein et the Palm Beach
Residence; during which Epstein ongaged in multiple sex acts
with Minor Victim-4. Epsteins employees, including at times
MAXWELL, ca@lled ‘Minor Victir-4, tmreluding from New York, to
schecule, 4ppointments for Minor Vietim-4 >o massage Epstein:
AfteyY 6ach iiassage, EsStein or oné of his empleyees, including
at times MAXWELL, paid Minor Vietim-4 ‘hundreds cf dollars in
cash. At some point ctrinc this period, both Epstein and

MAXWELL invited Minor Victim-4 to travel with Epstein and
10

DOJ=OGR-00020745
